/action hide_tutorial
:Huh? Where am I? Ah, back at the cell. 
:Why am I here? My memory is hazy... For how long have I been trapped in here? Days? Months? Years, even? God knows. 
:Ugh. I can barely lift my arms and legs. Where are the damn guards? 
{
	::I'm alone, so alone. 
	:And cold, too. 
	:Like... a fly on a window, desperately banging its head against the glass, but to no avail. 
	::Fuck. I hate this place. 
	:I hate it so fucking much. Damn, this place being torched, everyone inside screaming in horrific agony... That sounds so nice.
	:Heh, all I gotta do now is break out. 
}
:If only I could- 
/action reveal
;...
/talking_to Skull
Howdy, son!
:Ah, it's you again. 
Damn right it's me again! Who else d'you expect? Anyway, I think 'twas about time I introduced myself. 
/talking_to Earl
The name's Earl, and oh boy, do I got a little job for ya. 
Ya see, there's this... How should I call it... friend of mine, and well... 
I got me a nice pipe a while ago, and she seems to like it a lot, 'cause she took it for herself. 
You'll get it back for me, won't ya son?
{
	::No?
	And why not?

	::Why don't you just get it yourself? 
	It ain't right for a gentleman to bother a lady like that. 
	Besides, where's the fun in that? Might as well send ya instead and enjoy the show.

} 
:Well, what's in it for me? You can't possibly expect me to do that for free. 
:Not to mention the fact that I'm still locked in this fucking cell. How am I supposed to get your pipe anyway? 
Don't ya worry about a thing, son, I'll get it open right away.
/action open_cell
;...
Now, lemme explain it all for ya.
You'll need a weapon if you wanna deal with the psychos outside, and a proper one at that. They might be crazy but even they'll think twice if you point a gun at 'em. 
{
	::They wouldn't dare face me either way.  
	Sure thing, kiddo. 
	::I'm always in the mood for a good shooting.  
	See, that's what I'm talking about! 
	::What if I would prefer a peaceful resolution? 
	I'm afraid that's not an option. Unless you'd like to die, of course. 
}
Once you step out of the cell, you'll need to go through the kitchen and then the storage area of the facility. 
There, you'll probably see Fatty. Don't mind the fucker - he knows not to bother my... ehm, accomplices.
{
	::Fatty?
	His actual name's Vlad, but we all call him Fatty 'cus it's funny when he gets mad.
	::Carry on.
}
Hell, he might even let you take a gander at his stash, if you butter him up right... Or if you let him butter you up.
:What?
He eats people, kiddo.
{
	::I still don't see why the hell I should help you with this.  
	Well for one, if ya don't you'll stay stuck in this damn cell. And I can guarantee you - it'll be worse than the experiments. 
	::Fine, I'll do this for you. 
	Now, ain't that just great to hear! 
}
Oh, and did I mention how I'll help you escape the facility if you do this for me? 
{
	::Why would you help me with that? 
	:One pipe surely can't be worth all this trouble. 
	Heh, I guess I just always wanted a minion in the outside world... ya know, someone who would do my bidding. 

	::Maybe this day isn't so bad after all. 
	Heh, I reckon it's about to get even better.
}
Now get going, this pipe ain't gonna magically appear back in my mouth, son.
{
	::I think I have amnesia.
	Eh, so what? What's it matter who you once were, when you're yourself now.
	It shouldn't have any impact on you.
	{
		::Still curious...
		Look, kid, drop it. I don't know either and don't particularly care.
		:Fine.

		::Alright.
	}

	::Yeah...
}
Cya, don't wanna be ya!
/action save_reminder
/update Meet Fatty in Storage.