/talking_to Earl

:Huh?
/action turn
:Ah.
:Well, you can at least thank me for the pipe.
Thanks, pal. Now, onto the next step.
The only way out of the facility is via the elevator past the Entrance Hall in Medical.
However, there's one more monster down here you've yet to meet. Werther.
Here's the deal. If you think that I'm looney, Fatty's a meanie and Lorelei's a bit of a drag, you're in for a tough time.
Werther... he listened to you people a little too much, got into all that nihilism crap and now he can't shut up about it.
He's come to the -genius- conclusion that the only way to assert his existence is to blow shit up.
Don't ask me about the causality behind that.

:So he's planning to blow up this facility?
That's the long term plan, yeah, but y'see, it's like a country switching to electric cars.
It'll probably take him a decade or two.
{
    ::So what's the problem?
    Simple.
    ::But he's not sitting on his laurels?
    Exactly.
}

He's set up mines in the entrance hall and I hear he's got a servant of his own somewhere.
:How do we bypass those?

I propose you go back to Fatty and ask him for help with that.
In the mean time, I have some leads of my own to investigate.
{
    ::Alright, where do we meet again?
    Hereabouts. This prison area seems safe to me.
    
    ::Wait, you actually do things when I'm not looking at you?
    Of course. I have some other people under my command elsewhere.
    I also scout ahead and am the brains behind your operations.
    :Wait, other people?
    NatSol is a big place. Got a Gary down on floor -15 who's on the brink of having an existential crisis.
    :Uh huh...

    ::Is there a way I could help him?
    You've gotta be fucking me...
    Actually... not a bad idea. Werther's main problem is a lack of high grade explosives.
    :Mines don't count?
    They're a defensive measure so the bozos don't come after him. They're not strong enough to cause any major structural damage.
    :Alright, where would I find explosives then?
    That I don't know. Fatty probably does though. Ask him.
}
/action start_info
/update Return to Imp.