theme: regret

facility is divided into 5 areas: 

abandoned (+holding) cells (protag start)
storage area (with railway). probably contains a bunch of gear
medical area. probably contains medical supplies
living area. contains something?
elevator. escape

protag:
story set in stone, player has to decipher what it is from what people, docs and monsters say.
not a volunteer, forced into long term experiments against his will.
20-30 years old. 
thinks he has schizoprehnia, might actually

backstory:
grown ass man - used to be secret agent, got napped, agency tries to extract him, goes tits up
previous agents lying around dead or crazy
born in a NatSol lab, now he wanted revenge

personalities:
1. depressed - death :( :( :( - big sad - samoironija - goal: escape
2. a rather violent fellow - he either wants to kill more hobos, or is full right now, thanks; schizo - blood for the blood god - goal: blow up everything
3. broken McClane, action movie hero after he snapped, tragikomiÄno - goal: save people and the day
4. calm, collected, knows what he's doing, played by Alan Rickman - rationality breaks down over time - goal: discover lore

monsters:
people think everyone has their own and that everyone is crazy in their own way, in reality they all share
tutorial monster: a southern skull that pops out of places and talks like a "southern wise old man"

natural solutions - use homeopathy as a front for natural solutions *wink* to problems (that would normally) require magic *wink*
problems: solved for assassins and 3rd world warlords - 
teleportation is moving very fast, 
invisibility also moving very faster, longer,
laser eyes - laser eyes,
glaive,


journey:
act 0 - tutorial experiments{

video game tutorial
shoot tutorial
shooting a glaive at a >1 guy experiment - what will happen? death...?
}

area 1 - tha prison{



}

encounters:



to fully beat the game, one must plant a bomb in each sector and blow it all up
each sector is its own level, with connections running between them. total size should be around main atrium from prey